Improve tutorial 1 (#318)
omichel/webots: docs/reference/proto.md

# PROTO

> The PROTO mechanism allows the user to extend the set of nodes by adding his own nodes. Thus, the user can build and re-use complex objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PROTO mechanism allows users to extend the set of nodes by adding their own nodes.
Thus, users can build and re-use complex objects.
```
